[Doc] Improve the wording of CRD recommendations to avoid misleading users (#40502)
ray-project/ray: doc/source/cluster/kubernetes/getting-started.md

## Which CRD should you choose?

> Use [RayService](kuberay-rayservice-quickstart) to serve models and [RayCluster](kuberay-raycluster-quickstart) to prototype Ray applications as recommended practices.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use [RayService](kuberay-rayservice-quickstart) to serve models.  

Use [RayCluster](kuberay-raycluster-quickstart) to prototype Ray applications.

If you aren't serving models or prototyping an application, the CRD recommendation depends on the answers to the following questions.
```
